* intro:
Hi everyone and welcome to the "Oracle database administration from zero to hero" course and I am so excited to have you on board.
Oracle database is known to be the RDBMS number one in the world, and the Oracle DBA job is known to be a very well-paid profession. Yet, so many IT graduates find it challenging to get into it. They do not have a clear pathway with all the materials they can find online.
My name is Ahmed Baraka and have been working as a DBA for more than 20 years... and I understand how it could be challenging for a beginner to get into the Oracle DBA career.
Powered with my 7-year experience as an instructor together with my professional experience as a DBA, I designed this course to teach you on becoming a professional Oracle database administrator.
Even if you have never worked with Oracle databases before, don't worry. The course takes by its step-by-step practices all the way from the very basics of managing Oracle database all the way up to the professional level.
*skills:
By the end of this course, you will be able to perform the following skills:
create Oracle databases,
implement Oracle database backup and recovery plans,
administer Oracle database storage,
apply patches and upgrade Oracle databases,
manage Oracle database multitenancy,
troubleshoot Oracle database issues,
deploy Oracle Restart configuration,
and perform fundamental Oracle database performance tuning tasks.
* topics:
The course covers so many topics.. it would be boring to mention them all. I'd rather list the areas that are covered by the course, which include the following:
Oracle database basic administration,
Managing database users and security,
database backup and recovery,
database patching and upgrade,
database connectivity,
Oracle automatic storage management,
and many more.
* Course Layout
If you are already a student of any of my other courses, you should be aware of the course layout.
Most course lectures are either Concept Lectures or Practice Lectures.
In Concept Lectures, I will explain the concepts of the lecture topic.
The Practice Lectures are actually practical exercises. You will have hands-on experience on implementing the most important concepts of each topic.
As Oracle keeps developing and enhancing its database product, I will constantly add new materials and keep updating the course contents to keep you updated with the latest changes.
* Accessing Downloadable Resource:
Every concept and practice lecture comes with some files to download.
To get access to those files, you should see a button beside the lecture name. Click on it and you should be able to download the lecture files from over there.
* thanks:
Thank you guys for registering into the course.
And I look forward to seeing you in the first lecture… till then, thank you very much!